[4.0.0-alpha.3] Change BooleanInput's onChange signature (#7202)
marmelab/react-admin: UPGRADE.md

    />
}
```

> ## `BooleanInput` Change Handlers Recive an Event Object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `BooleanInput` Change Handlers Receive an Event Object
```

> In previous versions BooleanInput's `onChange` event handlers recive the checked state of the input. Now they recive the event object, so you have to take the checked state from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions BooleanInput's `onChange` event handlers only received the checked state of the input. Now they receive the event object, so you have to take the checked state from there.
```
